README file for the DIPUM Toolbox.

These MATLAB functions were created for the book Digital Image Processing
Using MATLAB, 2nd edition, by R.C. Gonzalez, R.E. Woods, and S.L. Eddins,
Gatesmark Publishing, 2009.  The functions supplement and extend the image
processing functionality of MATLAB and the Image Processing Toolbox, both
offered by The MathWorks.

The P-code version of the DIPUM Toolbox
---------------------------------------
The P-code version of the DIPUM Toolbox contains only executable MATLAB
P-files. P-files may be executed as MATLAB functions just as M-files.  Unlike
M-files, however, neither the help text nor the source code is accessible.
Complete source code listings for all functions are included in the book.

The registered version of the DIPUM Toolbox
-------------------------------------------
The registered version of the DIPUM Toolbox contains M-files with readable
source code and help text.  Users who want the M-files in electronic form may
obtain, for a small fee, a password allowing them to download the registered
toolbox.

More information about both versions of the DIPUM Toolbox and details on how
to obtain them are available at the book web site:

http://www.imageprocessingplace.com/DIPUM_Toolbox_2/DIPUM_Toolbox_2.htm

Requirements
------------
This release of the DIPUM Toolbox was developed and tested using the R2008b
release of MATLAB and the Image Processing Toolbox.  The DIPUM Toolbox is not
supported for use with earlier versions of MATLAB or the Image Processing
Toolbox.  Most DIPUM functions require the Image Processing Toolbox.   

The DIPUM Toolbox works with all MATLAB platforms.  It includes one MEX-file
(UNRAVEL, which is used for Huffman decoding).  Compiled binaries for this
MEX-file are provided for all MATLAB platforms.

Installation
------------
To install the DIPUM Toolbox, place the folder containing the functions on a
local hard drive or a network drive accessible to your computer, and then
include the folder location in the MATLAB path.  To set the MATLAB path, start
MATLAB and then select the File/Set Path menu item.  Then select Add Folder.
Use the navigation window to select the folder containing the functions. Click
OK and then click Save.  The functions will then be ready for use within
MATLAB.

Copyright
---------
The DIPUM Toolbox is protected under U.S. and international copyright law. You
may not transfer, publish, disclose, display, or otherwise make available
either the free or the registered versions of the DIPUM Toolbox to other
people. In particular, you may not place either version of the DIPUM Toolbox
on an Internet site, a computer bulletin board, or an anonymous ftp directory
from which it could be downloaded or copied by other people.  Anyone may
obtain the free version directly from the book's web site.  In the event that
an organization holds a Multiuser (Site) License for the DIPUM Toolbox, access
to the software should be granted only to individuals who are affiliated with
the organization holding the license. Each individual receiving access to the
software must be made aware of this entire Copyright notice. 
